# Exercise 01 Answers

* Why is “self.position” defined and updated using the above multiplication?
  * Because the speed of the character is dependant on the time it takes to move there.
* What happens if we don’t use the dt parameter?
  * different computers would have the game move at different speeds.
* Why do we check that self.target is not self.node?
  * Because if the targen and our node is the same we have to get a new target. Otherwise we continue to move away from the maze.
* How does this affect the movement?
  * Means that we are contained to the maze
* What happens if self.overshotTarget() is false? When could this happen?
  * It could happen when we are not trying to move to a node, ie. when we spawn in. It could also happen when we havent reached our target node.
* Do both Pac-Man and the ghost start from the same node?
  * Currently yes, because we are using the temp node.
* How would you change it so that they start from different nodes?
  * Think the best way would be to add a new symbol to our parser that denotes which characters spawns where. It could be a 'P' for pacman and a 'g' for ghosts. This way you could also control how many ghosts spawn based on the maze.
* Would you be able to explain in plain English what is happening in line 4? vec = self.node.position + self.directions[direction]*TILEWIDTH - self.goal
  * We are making the vector from our position to our goal postion. We use the length of that vector to choose the smallest vector as our move.
